[Diagnostics] Add EventSource Callback Possible Deadlock Warning (#43197)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/diagnostics/eventsource-collect-and-view-traces.md

   3/24/2022 9:23:35 AM RequestStart
   3/24/2022 9:23:35 AM RequestStop
   ```

> [!WARNING]
> Potential Pitfalls when implementing EventSource Callbacks via EventListener include deadlocks, infinite recursions, and uninitialized types.
>
> EventSource instances are initialized early in the runtime, before some core features are fully initialized. As a result, acquiring locks inside an EventSource callback like <xref:System.Diagnostics.Tracing.EventListener.OnEventWritten%2A> when the thread normally would not have done so may cause deadlocks.
>
> To mitigate this risk, consider the following precautions:
>

> > - **Avoid Complex Operations**: Refrain from performing complex operations within the callback that might acquire additional locks. For example, during some event callbacks, attempting to use File or Console APIs may encounter issues. Instead, you can update an in-memory datastructure or add some information about the event to a queue. If more processing is needed it can be done from a separate thread after the callback has already returned.

Reviewer: I notice the example code above your change explicitly uses Console.WriteLine() so it might be confusing if the guidance here appears contradictory. I know I suggested the current text, but now that I see the context changing it to this might be better:
```suggestion
> - **Use Queues to Defer Work**: There are a variety of APIs you might want to call in OnEventWritten() that do non-trivial work, for example File IO, Console, or Http. For most events these APIs work fine, but if you tried to call Console.WriteLine() in an event handler during the initialization of the Console class then it would probably fail. If you don't know whether a given event handler occurs at a time when APIs are safe to call, consider adding some information about the event to an in-memory queue instead. Then on a separate thread process items in the queue.
```

Author: Changed! Thank you for the suggestions!
